This branch is created by Evhen Dyrda

------------

# INTRODUCTION
Project contains two folders.
## Databases
Databases generated by described scripts are lockated inside `generated_database` folder.
Full database is in `data.txt` file. Data generated by each of scripts is inside corresponding subfolders.
## Generators
Contains source code of python scripts to generate learning database of pseudo texts. There are two methods of generation:
- [Markov chain](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markov_chain) with fake links generation;
- Combined (trigrams and [Adversity](https://github.com/airbnb/artificial-adversary)).

Both methods use the sample text file/files to initialize its data used for generation of legitimate, phishing and spam messages.

### Spam messages
Contains distorted texts with advertisement inforamation, phone numbers and links. The main goal is to bypass  simple spam filters.
### Phishing
Contains messages very similar to legitimate but with links to web resources not used by companies like Google, Apple, PayPal, etc. along with official web site addresses.
### Legitimate
This type of messages could contain links to web resources and phone numbers but without distorted words and suspicious links.
## Usage
Inside each of folders with source codes of generators there are subfolders wich are responsible for generating spam, legitimate and phishing messages.
To generate data with Markov chains, you should call file:
- `legi_generator.py` for legitimate messages;
- `Generator.py` for smishing;
- `spam_generator.py` for spam.
And to create data with Trigram+Adversary:
- call `trigram_legi.py` for legitimate messages;
- `generator.py` for smishing;
- `trigram_spam.py` for spam generation.

